---
title: Some Thoughts
category: blog
date: 2020-05-28 17:47 +08
last_modified_at: 2020-07-28 17:24 +08
tag:
- Thoughts
- Life
description: Some thoughts.
---

### 28 July 2020

> 从来如此，便对么？  
> *鲁迅*

> Just because it's always been that way, does that make it right?  
> *Lu Xun*

### 18 July 2020

> And beauty synthesized the struggles and the contradictions and the disharmonies in every part of this building-and, furthermore, it was beauty that ruled over them all! The Golden Temple had been built with gold dust in the long, lightless night, just like a sutra that is painstakingly inscribed with gold dust onto the dark-blue pages of a book. Yet I did not know whether beauty was, on the one hand, identical with the Golden Temple itself or, on the other, consubstantial with the night of nothingness that surrounded the temple. Perhaps beauty was both these things. It was both the individual parts and the whole structure, both the Golden Temple and the night that wrapped itself about the Golden Temple.  
> *From* The Temple of the Golden Pavilion *(『金閣寺』)  
> by Yukio Mishima (三島由紀夫)  
> Translated by Ivan Morris*

> 于是，美概括了各部分的争执、矛盾和一切不协调，并且君临其上！它如同用泥金一字一字准确地抄录在深藏青色册页上的纳经一样，是一幢在无明的长夜里用泥金修建的建筑物。然而，我不知道美究竟是金阁本身还是与笼罩着金阁的虚无之夜同一性质的东西！或者两者都是美。美既是细部，也是整体；既是金阁，也是笼罩金阁之夜。  
> *摘自三岛由纪夫『金阁寺』  
> 唐月梅 译*

### 18 June 2020

> Don't ever give up  
> *From "Up&Up" by Coldplay*

### 8 June 2020

> I should like to say two things. One intellectual and one moral. The intellectual thing I should want to say to them is this: **"When you are studying any matter, or considering any philosophy, ask yourself *only*: What are the facts, and what is the truth that the facts bear out. Never let yourself be diverted, either by what you wish to believe, or by what you think would have beneficent social effects if it were believed; but look only and solely at what are the facts."** That is the intellectual thing that I should wish to say. The moral thing I should wish to say to them is very simple; I should say: **"Love is wise – Hatred is foolish."** In this world, which is getting more and more closely interconnected, we have to learn to tolerate each other. We have to learn to put up with the fact, that some people say things we don't like. We can only live together in that way. But if we are to live together, and not die together, we must learn a kind of charity and a kind of tolerance which is absolutely vital, to the continuation of human life on this planet.  
> *Bertrand Russell*

### 4 June 2020

> Pourquoi tu gâches ta vie ?  
> *From "Elle Me Dit" by MIKA*

### 28 May 2020

> There will be no flags to warn me, no!  
> 'Cause I just want to be myself  
> *From "Flags" by Coldplay*
